I was raised with trauma in our family. My grandmother had a stroke
after her daughter was murdered. After that she was moved into a boarding
home for people with mental health illnesses. I was approached through
the ICM workers in Powell River and learned quite a bit about
what things were being offered that we hadn't had in Powell River. I've
been able to connect with these people as far as
learning more about addiction and work along with everyone here,
for me to just cope. I think people in Powell River are afraid
of the way of life and they think, they're not recognizing
substance use disorder as an actual mental health and addiction. Learning
a lot about my addiction, getting some counselling and
work and offering my two bits as far as how to help
in a town. Trying to fight the addiction piece. People I guess being treated
better and still people treated... Thought that they are strong enough to
be able to, and be patient. Don't stop working and fighting at what
you want. Do you know what I mean?
There are places, there are things to do and
things not to do there, what you need
to be housed and to feel happy. You're going to have
this mental health issue or drug issue for a while.